# assignment1

Creating this project challenged me in various possible ways. The assignment was an interesting task to begin with. The first part of the html coding and the basics of css was stimulating. They clearly illustrated the design of the wireframe of my website. The selection of color combination for the website was a little problematic since I wanted the website to look simple and at the same time a little exciting. To add the element of appeal, the search was tedious because of the limitation of usable language (HTML, CSS). Without the help of other languages such as JavaScript and JQuery, the design I had decided for my website was difficult to implement. This posed an obstacle as my design was plain and simple with no striking features. The sliding images in the home page is fairly common in most of the websites. This became the basis of my idea but most of the sliding effects were entirely dependent on the use of other languages. However, the application of concept of css3 helped me out in this situation. Its animation effects made my website more playful and attractive. Lots of animations in a website is not as appealing. Thus, it was difficult for me to reach a final decision of where the animations best suit good. Although, the use of css and css3 made the look of the website lively, the actual application of the code was complex and confusing. In the course of this website development, I faced a lot of errors and the debugging was slow and time-consuming. This project took a lot of effort and time. I dedicated a total of 24 hours in the making of this assignment. Besides the creation of this websites for the computer browsers, the design of the mobile responsive sites were more confusing since it was my first time making such user-friendly and technology-friendly website design.

This assignment helped me realize my weakness and strength in the web designing course. I learned different and alternative techniques to deal with different situation which may arise. 

